[Music]
alright guys got my flexplate and a
couple set of shocks some KYB shocks for
the front of the Explorer that has been
ordered we should see it lets see it
said the fourteenth I have a second date
err upgrade so it today's Friday a tenth
we should see it's among somewhere
around Tuesday the 14th which is perfect
because I'll get it right before work
then I'll get to put it on later after
you know work anyways it's got a the
replacement flex plate for its 62 bucks
ok after a long journey to Portland and
back we have our torque converter but it
from transmission exchange company over
an Portland off a Hancock and Martin
Luther King or whatever the hell it is
this is what we got heavy duty utility
torque converter Peter pulling power
lower heat buildup yada-yada-yada not
really looking to making this a speed
demon is but I I think this will do I'm
still good ass off line compared it to
the one that I took out and it's it's
the same same heavy ass but
check out the price on it given the core
of court with 45 bucks an actual list
price on this is 330 $32 and I don't
remember seeing a Ford stamping on it so
if anything this is anding but a for its
torque converter which is good
I don't even think it's a remanufacture
there's something they made no no I
can't wait to put it in anyways we got
our new heavy-duty transmission cooler
this is going to bypass our internal
radiator cooler basically we're gonna
mount this right here and I'm gonna get
a 10-inch fan and put it over here
circles it'll draw in colder air yeah TC
this transmission is gonna run cool so
let's see if there's a Ford stamping on
this okay there is a ford stamping on
this well when they rebuild these they
make these students monsters they
actually freaking paint it so it isn't
rust I'm gonna go ahead and throw a
little bit of ATF in there so you know
gets get some get some juice okay yeah
I'm gonna have a bottle left so it was
half a ball side dumped it on there it's
halfway full I think it takes a quart
but uh yeah we'll leave it at that
it has some stuff sitting in there well
yeah this shop I went to they have
pretty much everything you need for a
transmission so probably should have
went and got some upgrades for that
oh yeah started cleaning the garage all
right we're doing stuff with a Mustang
we got fluids topped off again have a
bit of a power string link we have to
take care of put new speakers in the
front
panelist here working on the
transmission here we got our new
transfer case to transmission extensive
and extension housing gasket and I do
have a gasket for this but I don't know
if I want to change it out now
I may do it I do have the gasket oh yeah
at large oh ring that I was talking
about and get a new one just pick that
up we got our torque converter in place
we are using reusing the old nuts but we
are gonna use the addition of some red
actually we'll use blue loctite since
this is a Ford blue torque converter so
I rearranged the shift cars so they
actually are read right-side up we got a
new pan gasket and filter in there the
deep pan deep pan filter and I'm using
my old pan because the one over here has
a hole and a rubber plug in and I don't
want to be I don't even think that's
right it's I think that was something
that pick and pull people did poke a
hole in it so it'll drain the fluid out
and then they put a rubber plug in it so
on the trip all over the floor but
whatever I was in that torque converter
had leaked out into the transmission and
that gave us our residual fluid anyways
we have a nice red fresh transmission
fluid sitting out at the bottom dripped
it all over the floor from getting it
off the table now I can clean my table
we're just been kind of dressing this
thing up so on and so forth I went ahead
and installed my transmission cooler
this is how the hoses are gonna sit and
then that cooler is right up in here
nice and then this hose here isn't long
enough to reach the yet their ends so
I'll get my uh oh I gotta get in there
uh thing of hose cutters steel hose
cutters trim those lines up we're on our
rubber lines I'll actually get a
crimping tool another crimping tool but
a flaring tool so I can flare the ends
that way they won't pull out but after
we do that and get those buttoned up
we're gonna go ahead and reinstall the
front bumper and then sometime next week
we will have this transmission put back
in it'll be a four-day weekend off for
me so and Adam so I'll pry off his help
we'll get this thing put back in filled
up with fluid and hopefully we'll be
driving
yeah